High in this chapter we are going to talk about the terror at Tikal background for artificial neural
networks.
So let's get started.
Basically you may pose the first question that OK why do we need artificial intelligence or artificial
now really not at all we have come to the conclusion that computers can solve several problems.
For example graph related problems how to calculate the shortest path how to create a spanning tree.
And these algorithms have proved to be very very important.
For example Google Maps and something like this.
Then for example sorting arrays or any kind of optimization problems numerical methods and so on we
know how to do it we know how to solve it with a given algorithms.
Then why do we need artificial intelligence.
Because there are other problems that cannot be defined with an exact mathematical algorithm.
For example facial recognition natural language processing and so on.
We don't have a well defined algorithm for these kinds of problems.
OK.
For humans this problem seems much more easier than graph algorithms or solving differential equations
for example with longer quote them.
And this is why artificial intelligence is quite counter-intuitive because for us humans these problems
are very very easy facial recognition language processing.
OK it's quite easy.
But for computers it's much more difficult than for example solving the differential equation because
for differential equations we have a well-defined numerical algorithms and we just have to program it.
We just have to implemented in C C++ or Java.
But for facial recognition we don't have a well-defined algorithm for these kinds of problems.
And basically this is why artificial intelligence has to be for example how to be able to digitalize
hand written correctors how to do nature of language processing or how to recognize given faces.
These are the main problems.
Why artificial intelligence has came to be.
And the intuition that if we try to mimic how nervous system of a human works or how a human learns
saying maybe we are able to achieve these problems with computers as well.
This is what we have been discussing that for humans these problems are quite easy.
Then maybe if we mimic how a human learns for example then these algorithms is going to be capable of
learning these things quite easily.
And this is why AI has came to be.
We came to the conclusion that for several problems the orthodox approach is not feasible.
And if you are familiar with the big data it is very very similar.
So this is how big data has came to be as well.
We have huge data sets and the way we handle data sets in the past with relational databases is not
going to work this time.
So this is why we need a different approach.
This is how big data has came to be and it is the same for artificial intelligence.
We know how to create sorting algorithms a graph related algorithms but we have come to the conclusion
that for facial recognition natural language processing we have to come up with a different approach.
We had artificial neural networks for example.
So as the name suggests narrow networks are inspired by biological and now run networks we represent
each.
Now we're on.
We didn't know that.
It is basically a directed or an N directed graph.
So this is the model how we represent an out of network.
Their design enables them to process information in a similar way to our own biological brains.
So each edge has a weight and these now all networks are capable of learning by changing the weight
of their connections.
We are going to talk a lot more about it don't worry.
And other approaches the supporting actor machines and the support spectrum machines and other similar
methods for example linear classifiers and so on gradually over to now Real Networks as far as machine
learning is concerned.
So in the past Saporta better machines were considered to be better but with the advent of deep learning
basically deep learning is a Mythili are now on network.
Now real networks are becoming more and more popular again.
And in the 21st century in 2016 2017 now what our networks can do better than supporting actor machines.
So of course the model is the now so of course the basic building block for a biological in our network
is that now we're in the south.
So now we're on the unit with the brain uses to process information and each node can make contact with
several thousand are now loans.
So this is a single on our own and we have the Aksenov basically and the axen is going to make the connection
between two now runs.
And of course it transmitted the Alak to Ixion or from now on to now we're on CONNECT THE now runs and
the boundary of the now we're on is the so-called cell membrane.
There is a war that is.
The membrane potential between the inside and the outside of the membrane and if the input is large
enough an action potential is then generated with the help of the axen and with the help of the axen
it can reach several other now runs.
So what's more important that OK we don't have to bother about the biological background.
But what's very very important to see that basically this is the model we are going to implement in
a programming language that we have now on the now on is going to be a class in Java for example and
it's going to have the features as we have discussed for the biological and that we're on.
Then we have the axen basically the axon is the connection between the now roans Here's And now we're
on here's an hour on and the X and is going to connect both of them.
We are going to have the connections between the artificial now loans and this is why I said that basically
in the model in a programming language it's going to be a graph.
We will have vertices or nodes and we will have the connections or the edges between these Gidon nodes.
And what's so important that now rose only failure when input is larger than a given threshold.
So firing doesn't get bigger as the stimulus increases.
It's an all or nothing arrangement.
This is what we are going to model with the help of activation functions.
If they're given input value for the activation function is greater than the threshold than the now
on is going to fire.
And if that given activation is smaller than a threshold nothing happens.
So again I don't want to repeat myself over and over again but it's important to see that we are going
to take the biological nervous system and we are going to build or model according to the biological
nervous system.
Why.
Because we know for certain that humans can learn these things quite easily.
We are able to recognize correct as numerical digits we are able to recognize human faces we are able
to do natural language processing and so on and maybe if we model the biological nervous system then
or algorithms are going to be able to do these things for us.
So we are going to have the activation of functions to mimic.
Now Ron's behavior and we are going to have the now rowans of course and the X is basically the connection
between the and our own as well.
Thanks for watching.